Remove `proposal_generator.py` (#3297)
microsoft/CCF: doc/governance/proposals.rst

Creating a Proposal
-------------------

Proposals are JSON objects specifying a list of actions and associated arguments. The name of the action should match one of the actions available in your service (in ``actions.js``), and the expected types of the arguments are dictated by the validate and apply functions which handle that action.

> These proposal objects can be constructed by an tool or language which can produce JSON. The CCF pip package contains a sample of a tool to automate proposal creation, written in bash and wrapping the CLI tool ``jq``, named ``build_proposal.sh``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
These proposal objects can be constructed by any tool or language which can produce JSON. The CCF pip package contains a sample of a tool to automate proposal creation, written in bash and wrapping the CLI tool ``jq``, named ``build_proposal.sh``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ build_proposal.sh --help

    Usage:
      build_proposal.sh [--help | --action ACTION_NAME [[FLAGS] ARG_NAME ARG_VALUE...]...]

    This tool is a wrapper around jq, to simplify creation of CCF governance
    proposals.
    Specify a list of actions and associated args. A single flag per argument can be
    used to indicate how the value should be parsed:
      -s String (default)
      -j JSON (including raw numbers)

>       -b Boolean (including case-insensitive parsing)

Reviewer: If the only legal values are "true", "TRUE", "false" and "FALSE", we might as well list them here, and avoid any possible assumptions about 0, 1, yes, no etc (I know, and yet YAML does it).

Author: It also handles `True` and `False` (so that I could be lazy when calling this from Python), and by accident `tRuE` and all such dumb variations.

Author: Actually saying that, I don't think that's needed anymore, since I dump most interesting things through `json.dumps` anyway. I'll see if I can just remove this `-b` type entirely

Reviewer: Ok, that'd be even better.

    Additionally, any @-prefixed string is treated as a file path, and will be
    replaced with the contents of the file.

    For example:
      build_proposal.sh
        --action set_greeting message HelloWorld -j max_repetitions 42
        --action no_arg_action
        --action upload_file contents @file.txt

    Will produce:
    {
      "actions": [
        {
          "name": "set_greeting",
          "args": {
            "message": "HelloWorld",
            "max_repetitions": 42
          }
        },
        {
          "name": "no_arg_action"
        },
        {
          "name": "upload_file",
          "args": {
            "contents": "This is a file.\nContaining multiple lines."
          }
        }
      ]
    }

> Ballots are JSON objects containing a JS script exporting a single ``vote`` function, which parse a proposal and return a boolean to indicate the submitter's assent (true to vote in favour, false to vote against). These votes may be hand-written to logically validate complex proposals, but for simple proposals it is often sufficient to do an equality check. Given a proposal object, we can generate a ballot which implements this quality check. Within the CCF pip package there are Jinja templates to generate these objects and scripts, and a Python script that demonstrates rendering these templates from a proposal, named ``ballot_builder``:

Reviewer: ```suggestion
Ballots are JSON objects containing a JS script exporting a single ``vote`` function, which parse a proposal and return a boolean to indicate the submitter's conditional assent (true to vote in favour, false to vote against). These votes may be hand-written to logically validate complex proposals, but for simple proposals it is often sufficient to do an equality check. Given a proposal object, we can generate a ballot which implements this equality check. Within the CCF pip package there are sample Jinja templates to generate these objects and scripts, and a Python script that demonstrates rendering these templates from a proposal, named ``ballot_builder``:
```

.. code-block:: bash

    $ build_proposal.sh --action set_user cert @pedro_cert.pem > set_user_pedro.json

    $ cat set_user_pedro.json 
    {
      "actions": [
        {
          "name": "set_user",
          "args": {
            "cert": "-----BEGIN CERTIFICATE-----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\np+BCBQGl\n-----END CERTIFICATE-----"
          }
        }
      ]
    }

We can auto-generate a ballot for this proposal:

.. code-block:: bash

    $ ballot_builder.py set_user_pedro.json > vote_for_pedro.json

    $ cat vote_for_pedro.json 
    {

>       "ballot": "export function vote (rawProposal, proposerId) { let proposal = JSON.parse(rawProposal); if (!(\"actions\" in proposal)) { return false; } /* SNIP */ return true; }"

Reviewer: SNIP?
